the american web the most complete store
for the cowboy amazon hammocks
product for camping
and little more
be all welcome to this new
Edition of riding to the limit today
from the farm the morichal of the
trinity we bring you what happened in the
event forks adventure
Y
good morning friends riding the
limit on another machine when the noses
on the farm the morichal of the trinity
in the first valid of the horse adventure
with his team penny and ride category
good
to be here behind me is the
Treadmill is a site where
they exercise the horses here they spend a
Approximate time of 25 to 30 minutes
trotting this usually when the
animal is very cool in the case of one
of the foals that is here this one comes out
very happy and they want to run and the
idea is that they try the idea of ​​this
exercise is simply define and
deepen a little the resistance of
animal
this plow that I have here next to me yesterday
could we here use this
won for the maintenance of our
rule farm here is sorted into a cattle
pretty docile pretty pretty
enduring with respect to the climate its
Milk yield is quite high
good afternoon my name is emilio
we are here in the center required
middlemen in turmero state aragua and
we wanted to thank the program
for visiting us here we are with
one of the center stallions required
he's called chain and fresh pp he came
here in the year 2004 almost turning 22
years ago it was made and has been used
a lot in breeding the horse in
Venezuela
these hairs carry miles of truth
much improved the national breeding has been
braked a lot of Creole mare
and the permission for the initiation of
event was requested by the
multi-champion jesus aguilera of the state
guárico
Dr. Wilfredo de Jesus performs the
study of the equine helmet with a
advanced digital radiology equipment
ah
good
for injuries to at least for
fractures in this white contrast of
what is the image of changing the
color we can observe lines fractures
you see white white there although in
these images look perfect the
fracture but when we want to corroborate
or are we a little unsure if it is
or not a broken line we give you the
white black contrast and really that
not nothing this accurate the images
here we see the participation of the champion
National Juan Slim in representation
of the coleo vinotinto
I put everything together just
you